(a) What are some Pros and Cons of AGile development (vs non-Agile?) List 2 of each
Pros: 
1. It is flexible and adaptable meaning that teams can easily pivot and change priorities.
2. It is able to break up projects into small more functional components.

Cons:
1. Scope of a project can constantly change so it is challenging to set fixed timelines.
2. It requires constant participation from clients for daily decisions and regular reviews.

(b) Explain the role and responsibilities of the Scrum Master vs the Product Owner.
The Scrum master acts as the servant-leader which optimizes workflow.
The Product Owner defines the product vision, and manages the backflow.

(c) What are the 3 types of meetings that can happen during a sprint cycle? List at least 2 points on what needs to be discussed during each of these meetings.
The three types of meetings that can happen during a sprint cycle are Sprint Planning, Daily Scrum, and Sprint Review and Retrospective.

1. Sprint Planning:
   Identify the sprint goal for what the team plans of achieving during the iteration
   The team selects small backlog items and breaks them down into smaller tasks to complete.

2. Daily Scrum:
   Team members provide an update on what was completed and what is next to be completed.
   Team members highlight any road blocks that could hinder progress and keep the team aligned.

3. Sprint Review and Retrospective:
   The team demonstrates working functionality completed during the sprint to stakeholders.
   The team reflects on the past sprint including what went wrong/right and what improvements can be made on the next sprint.

(d) Differentiate between Epic, Story, Bug and Task issue types in JIRA
1. Epic:
   An Epic Captures a large body of work taht can be broken down into several smaller stories.

2. Story:
   A story is a software system requirement that is expressed in a few short sentences.

3. Bug:
   A bug is a specific type of issue that identifies, documents, and tracks software defects and errors that lead to unexpected behavior.

4. Task:
   A task represents a specific actionable, technical unit of work that needs to be completed.